[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: What would our
world look like if there
was a healer in every home?
This is the vision of Master
Chunyi Lin, the founder
of Spring Forest Qigong.
Master Lin did not become a
renowned healer and teacher
overnight.
His journey began
as a young child
during the very difficult
and violent time
of the Cultural Revolution
in his native home in China.
And through his personal
story of healing himself
of physical challenges
and deep emotional wounds,
he wants to teach the world
that everyone is born a healer.
And now Chunyi Lin has
led over 300,000 people
to find their own
inner peace and healing
through Spring Forest Qigong.
Welcome.
>>CHUNYI LIN: Yes, thank you.
>>LISA: Thank you so
much for being here.
It's a true honor.
>>LIN: This is my great pleasure
and honor to be here with you.
Thank you.
>>LISA: This is going
to be fantastic.
But I would love to hear
about your childhood
so we can learn a
little bit about how
you were raised in China.
>>LIN: Oh, OK.
Oh, so I grow up in China.
In 1992, that was the first
time when I came to the United
States on an AFS program.
So in this 35 years
living in China,
I went through one of
the darkest periods
in the history of China--
Cultural Revolution.
And lots of things happen,
especially in my family.
And that really,
really suffer so much.
>>LISA: I read your
book born a healer.
And basically, you and
your brothers and sisters,
and there were
five of you, right?
>>LIN: Four.
Total together, we have a
four brothers and sisters.
>>LISA: And your parents,
you were separated
from your parents very young?
>>LIN: Yeah, so again
because at the time,
when Cultural
Revolution started,
we were living in
a fishing village.
It was a very small town.
And we thought the Cultural
Revolution would not
touch that part of the world.
But actually, every part of
the world was being touched.
And then there's two
gangs in the country--
they both said that they
support the government
and they were loyal to Mao.
And they didn't
agree with each other
in some political
opinions and ended up
they fought with weapons.
And my parents did
not agree with them,
so they were the target
to put into jail.
And so then we got separated.
And at that time, I
was eight years old.
>>LISA: Eight years old.
>>LIN: Yeah, eight years old.
>>LISA: And you were the oldest.
>>LIN: Yeah, I was the oldest.
>>LISA: And so your younger
brothers and sisters,
you had to basically flee with.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: From house to house.
>>LISA: And from
what I read, you
experienced such deception from
people that you really trusted.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
You know, the people,
my parents helped them.
And when they were in
difficulties, when the Cultural
Revolution started,
you know, they
put their devoted friends kids
into their mouth of a wolf.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>LIN: And they even, at a
point, they wanted to kill us.
So that really, really
put me really down.
So that's why later on, I
developed suicidal depression.
And for so many years I
really wanted to end my life.
When people now in
my classes, they
see me teaching, smiling,
happy all the time.
And when I told
them my story, they
said, did you really
have depression?
I say yes I did.
>>LISA: You had every reason to.
>>LIN: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: Every reason to.
I mean from being
bounced around to having
a gun put in your face.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
>>LISA: Nobody
wanted to take you
in because they had
shamed the family, right?
>>LIN: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: And you had a
lot of forgiveness to do.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
And also I play basketball.
And when I graduated
from high school,
at the time, the
whole country, kids
who graduated from
high school were
forced to go to the countryside
to work as a peasant,
living with the
farmers and peasants.
So I was there.
>>LISA: This went on for
how many years of your life?
>>LIN: In the whole
country, for over 10 years.
>>LISA: Over ten years.
>>LIN: And me, it
was like five years.
So because of that very hard
to labor work 16 hours a day--
>>LISA: As a teenager.
>>LIN: Yeah, as a teenager.
>>LISA: In the fields.
>>LIN: In the fields.
So I had a lot of injuries
in my back, in my neck.
And so I had bone
spurs in my neck.
I had bone spurs in my back
and arthritis in my knees.
As a young man, I was
in very bad shape.
>>LISA: Everybody
must have been.
>>LIN: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: Plus the
emotional suppression.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
>>LISA: And the
fear and the danger.
>>LIN: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: So how did
you bridge the gap?
When did that start
to end for you?
>>LIN: So one more
thing I want to share
with you is to note that finally
during the Cultural Revolution,
we escaped out from the town
and we lived with my grandma
on my mother's side.
So I witness that one of
my uncle's wife father,
because he was having water
buffalo before the liberation,
then he was considered
as a rich man.
So because of that, he was
literally, during the Cultural
Revolution, by the gang, took
him to the field and dug a hole
and buried him alive.
>>LISA: Because he had--
>>LIN: Buried him alive.
>>LISA: Because he had money and
it was against the government?
>>LIN: That's what
the government said.
And then when he was
buried up to the shoulder,
then the gang use the machine
gun to shot him in the head.
So that really got me so deep
into suicidal depression.
And at that time, I
was at the age of 10.
>>LISA: Ooh.
And this was the man
you were living with.
>>LIN: Yeah.
And then-- he was an honest man.
He was a peasant.
So he, at that
time, he was still
working in the field
in the summer time.
So the gang drug him
out from the field
and took him to the public
to receive criticism.
And at the end they
bury him alive.
>>LISA: And he
did nothing wrong?
>>LIN: He did nothing wrong.
So again-- So I had all
these sufferings, mentally,
spiritually, and physically.
So I really, many times,
I wanted to end my life.
>>LISA: Well, of
course, you didn't--
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: Not saying that
that was the only solution,
and thank god you didn't,
but your faith in the world.
had to have gone away.
>>LIN: It's the one thing,
I wanted to end my life.
At the time, I said
to myself, I wanted
to find out why this
world is so ugly, so ugly.
Because everything I saw
in my eyes was so negative.
And then plus my pain.
And I tried to get an
answer to my question
to satisfy my question
before I moved on in my life.
So I tried many, many things.
So again, nothing really, really
helped me to my heart level.
So one day, my
colleague said there was
a qigong master coming to town.
By sitting at his
workshop and very possibly
you can heal your
critical situation.
>>LISA: Now, had the
Cultural Revolution
subsided at this point?
>>LIN: Yeah, at that point the
Cultural Revolution was over.
So I went to his workshop.
And I sat on the dirt
ground for seven hours
and a half, non-stop, no
break time, no bathroom time.
>>LISA: Along with
15,000 people, right?
>>LIN: Yeah, doing qigong on the
dirt ground in a soccer field.
Then so I meditated.
I did the simple movements
together with him,
following his guidance.
Then in the meditation, he said
if you want to heal yourself
faster, you need to
forgive those people who
once upon a time hurt you
so badly in your heart.
As soon as I heard
that, I said, no way.
How could I forgive
those people who
when they were in difficulties,
we did everything for them.
And now so for no reason--
>>LISA: Betrayal.
>>LIN: --the Cultural
Revolution came and they put us
into the mouth of a wolf.
So as soon as I said
that in my mind,
the master sent
another message saying
if you have a hard time to say
I forgive you, you just pretend.
You pretend you forgive them.
By pretending, you can
also get benefit too.
You can heal yourself faster.
I said, wait a
minute, by pretending
I can heal myself faster with my
knees and my back and my neck?
I think that's a good deal.
[LAUGHS]
>>LISA: That worked for you?
>>LIN: So then, through
my visualization,
I visualized lining them up in
the sky, all these people, one
by one I said to them,
at this moment I just
want to heal myself faster,
so I pretend I forgive you.
I pretend I love you.
I want you to know that.
So then I just
repeat, I forgive you.
I pretend I forgive you.
I pretend I love you.
After saying that like a mantra,
you know, for 1,000 times.
Then I got tired of
those long words.
And then simply, I just
said, I forgive you.
I love you.
I forgive you.
But that moment, the
tremendous vitality
as a heat starting
from my bellybutton
radiating out throughout
my entire body.
Then I open my third
eye, I saw the sky.
It's so open.
Everything is so
peaceful, so empty.
When I came out from
that one meditation,
my energy got transformed.
>>LISA: You had an awakening.
>>LIN: I had the
biggest awakening.
And the swelling in my
knees completely went away.
>>LISA: In that sort
of amount of time.
>>LIN: In that
short amount of time
because of the surrendering.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>LIN: And the
pain in my knees--
80% gone.
I was able to jump again.
And the back pain and the neck
pain completely went away.
I was so happy.
And then every day, I was
practicing the same movement
he taught us for two months.
Then all of a sudden one day I
realized my suicidal depression
also was gone.
>>LISA: It saved your life.
qigong saved your life.
>>LIN: It saved my life.
>>LISA: And what's so
important about your story
is that you went through things
that a 9-year-old should never
see.
>>LIN: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>LISA: And it lasted
for a long time.
For that level that
you went through,
to get to the level
of forgiveness
that you experienced, and then
to heal the inflammation almost
instantly.
>>LIN: Yeah, yeah.
So good.
>>LISA: Incredible.
>>LIN: Forgive or not forgive
is all about your heart,
if your heart open--
I found out when
your heart open,
you see the world differently.
This is what Buddha
call enlightenment.
Up to I had that
big awakening, when
I'd look at those people
who hurt my family
and me in the past, I was
able to think in this way.
At that time, if
they didn't do that,
the government might
go after them too,
then we have more
people to suffer.
So I think, you
know, this may not
be a bad thing for us to take
over all these sufferings
from others.
And then later on, when I
practice healing and teaching,
I found out because of my
pain, because of my suffering,
I understand it.
I experience it, then I can help
others to change their living.
>>LISA: You identify and
are compassionate with them.
But you had the contrast
that was created,
and then you had this
incredible awakening.
It makes so much
sense, what you're
saying, because we need
to see things the way
that we want them to be.
>>LIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: It goes to
the law of attraction,
it goes to everything.
If we don't see it, we cannot
attract it or create it.
>>LIN: Exactly.
Exactly, and it's also,
I discover, for my heart,
really in deep level I
experience and believe
the most powerful healing
energy for everything
in the entire universe
is unconditional love.
And the matter is, how you can
put this unconditional love
in action and to benefit
you and benefit others.
>>LISA: Is that what qigong is?
>>LIN: Yeah, that's
exactly what qigong is.
qigong is all about you.
qigong is the study, the
ancient Chinese study
on the power of qi and
how to use this qi,
it means energy, to benefit
any aspects of life, any.
>>LISA: What do you think is the
biggest source of disconnection
for us so that we don't have
that flow of energy in life?
>>LIN: Yeah, OK, so our body
is a miniature of the universe.
Whatever we have
in this universe
you can see inside you.
And so when people
ask me, you know,
what is the biggest blockage
in our body, disconnections.
When you look at outside and
people do not trust each other.
The government, one
country to another,
do not trust each other.
And everybody has
a boundary, right?
So you create that disconnection
between you and the nature,
between you and the
people, even in a family.
And this shows up
in our body, too.
When you have this
disconnection in countries,
a lot of conflicts
is going to happen.
And when this
conflicts continues,
then chronic problems
get created, right?
And here in our body, too,
when our kidney energy doesn't
talk to the heart energy.
The heart energy doesn't
talk to the lungs energy.
The lungs energy doesn't
talk to the intestines.
>>LISA: I mean, at what
point did we forget this?
Because even Western medicine
treats the organs individually.
There's the heart surgeon.
>>LIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: And then there's
the intestinal surgeon.
And there's different
surgeons for different organs.
>>LIN: So, you know,
what qigong does
is to help you to bring
harmony back to your systems.
So
>>LISA: Cool.
>>LIN: This is what happened.
When I first came to
the United States,
people ask me, when an article
in Pioneer newspaper in St.
Paul published a story
about my healing,
there was a lady who was
diagnosed with very real lung
situation.
And the Mayo Clinic wanted
her to have a lung transplant
because the lungs just filled
up with the scar tissues.
Her name is Esther Trejo.
And she didn't want to do that.
And her son who knew a
little bit about Tai Chi
heard about what I was
doing in the high school,
so he brought his
mom to my class.
She practiced the
exercise unwillingly.
>>LISA: Unwillingly?
>>LIN: Unwillingly.
>>LISA: Hm, interesting.
>>LIN: When her son
said to her, ma,
you need to go to learn
Chinese breathing.
And she literally told
her son, she said,
I have been breathing
for 60 years.
I don't need somebody from
other side of the world
to come over here to
teach me how to breathe.
But she was there.
She learned the exercise.
And in the class,
I did healing, too.
And four weeks,
she stopped using
the oxygen she has been using
for 6 and 1/2 years every day.
>>LISA: In the class?
>>LIN: In the class,
just one hour a week.
And then eight weeks later, she
went back to the Mayo Clinic.
The Mayo Clinic doctor said,
we don't know what you did.
All the lung scar
tissues disappear,
and you don't need
oxygen anymore.
>>LISA: Through
breathing and qigong?
>>LIN: Through this qigong.
Then people ask me the
question, how could
by doing these so simple
movements and meditation,
people can get this huge
benefit with the healing.
Because we bring the
body together as a whole.
We clear the disconnection
away from your systems
inside the body.
>>LISA: We're actually going
to get this opportunity
to do qigong with Master Lin.
And if you watch
this video, I want
you to do this along with us.
It'll wake up your energy,
and it will help you
with your happiness.
Take a look.
So I'm here with
Master Chunyi Lin.
And we are going to
wake up our energy.
We're going to feel
our energy flowing.
So I invite you to do
this along with us.
All right, what are we doing?
>>LIN: OK.
>>LISA: I'm excited.
>>LIN: So wake up
the energy first.
>>LISA: OK.
And now what is this doing?
This is creating energy.
>>LIN: This will help
you to wake up the energy
from the head to the toe.
>>LISA: Bending the knees.
>>LIN: And balance the
energy with the earth.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: With nature.
>>LISA: Breathing?
>>LIN: Breathe naturally.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: And let go
with the shoulders.
Focus on the knees and smile.
>>LISA: OK.
And about 30 seconds of this?
Still bouncing?
>>LIN: Continue to bounce.
Let go with the wrist, bounce
naturally and still breathe.
Inhale through your nose and
exhale through your mouth.
>>LISA: I really
can't help but smile.
It really makes
you want to smile.
>>LIN: This will
help you to open up
the channels in the lungs,
digestive system, thyroid.
Now, you wake up the energy.
Then you get the energy flow.
This movement is called
moving of yin and yang.
Right hand moves out and down,
the left hand moves in and up.
Make it in a circular way,
and do it slowly and gently.
Use your elbows to
guide the movement.
And use your hands,
fingers, to feel the energy.
And while you're
doing so, you'll
feel happy at this moment.
You invite the happiness
energy to flow into you.
Or you can think something
very happy in your life,
like a little story to
bring that happiness energy.
>>LISA: Little rays of sunshine.
Yes.
>>LIN: Now you can
visualize there's
a column of light shining right
in the middle of the torso,
starting from the
bottom of the torso
up to the top of the head.
And you feel how good you
feel, how wonderful you feel.
>>LISA: It definitely
feels like it's moving.
Even my shoulder is feeling
a lot more flexible.
I usually have pain
in my shoulder.
>>LIN: But this
movement is called
gratitude, connecting
to your own energy,
to your heart energy.
Inhale as you
slightly bend over.
Exhale straight up.
Each time when you
make a bow, you
say thank you to one thing which
randomly comes to your mind.
For instance, you can say thank
you to your shoes every day
for protecting your feet.
And exhale.
The best is to take five seconds
to inhale and five seconds
to exhale.
If you can do it longer,
that's even better.
Say thank you to your heart,
to the water, to the sun,
to the moon, anything flows
into your mind at this moment.
One bow, you say thank
you to one thing.
This gratitude energy goes
directly to your kidneys,
to your vitality
system to help you
to strengthen your vitality.
From the healing
perspective, it helps
you to heal any blockages
in your reproductive organs,
in your bones, bone
marrow, spine, and brain.
>>LISA: You said
that most of us are
suffering from disconnection.
And this is what brings
connection to our body.
>>LIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: Thank you so much.
>>LIN: You're more than welcome.
>>LISA: Oh, that was wonderful.
Thank you so much.
I hope you enjoyed that.
Thank you.
That was an amazing
honor to do with you.
And I wanted to ask
you, so how did you
learn that you were a healer?
>>LIN: OK, so after I heal
my knees, my back, and also
can cure my suicidal
depression, I
found this is so powerful stuff.
It's so simple.
Then I started searching around.
So I followed different
masters in the country.
And go to Sichuan go to Shaolin,
go to many, many other places
to learn from different masters.
And also I did a
lot of readings,
too, through ancient
documents in how this qi work
and how you can apply this qi to
help yourself and help others.
Then I discover that this qi,
it is so simple and so powerful.
And if you really
trust yourself,
you activate it and put your
unconditional love in action
to use it help yourself
and help others.
It is just so powerful.
So then through a lot of
studies through so many masters,
I learned so much.
I greatly, greatly
appreciate that.
But their teaching, most
of them are so complicated.
And some masters, their
healing power was so powerful.
And I had some
healing with them.
And I experienced
first hand with them.
Oh, they were just so awesome.
>>LISA: Amazing.
>>LIN: But when I
asked him, how quickly
I can learn these techniques.
Some said 10 years and 20 years.
And the last one I went
to, he said 50 years.
I-- I paused in my heart.
I said, wait a minute,
you know, 50 years?
You know, I have patience,
but I don't have time.
But from one thing
I really recognized
something inside myself
is, at that time,
I was not even a
qigong practitioner.
I practiced Tai Chi, but
not a qigong practitioner.
But in one meditation,
seven hours and a half,
I was able to cure my knees, my
back, my neck, the bone spurs.
And I cure myself,
my depression,
suicidal depression.
So it got to be
something very simple.
And so I follow my heart.
And finally, I found it.
That's why I developed
Spring Forest qigong.
It is so simple.
And by doing these
simple movements,
you are able to activate
the power, the qi,
we call it the qi, from inside.
>>LISA: So this is
the difference of--
you took this complex system
with these great masters,
but it wasn't
duplicatable, you really
couldn't duplicate what
these great masters had done.
So Spring Forest qigong uses
the five elements, right?
>>LIN: Right, right.
>>LISA: Can you
tell us about that?
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
We talk about the five
elements because our body,
our system, according
to the Chinese medicine
and Chinese qigong
practice, there's
a total together of
five energetic systems
inside the body.
The liver, that's the wood.
Heart is the fire.
And the stomach is the earth.
The lungs is the metal.
And the kidney, the vitality
system, that's the water.
These five elements,
they support each other.
They must work in
harmony so that you can
create the wholeness in a body.
When the balance, the
connection is there,
then health is restored.
Or you can maintain
happy and healthy.
So again, now, this is a
unique thing of qigong.
qigong helps you, through
this simple movement,
to wake up the awareness of
these connections inside.
Then you bring harmony back.
>>LISA: So we can go through
the heart and the liver
and the stomach and scan
our bodies, basically,
for where there
might be blockages?
>>LIN: And actually you
don't need to do that.
So in the five elements healing
movement exercise, the qigong
movement, I have five movements.
The first movement, you move
your hands in a certain way.
And then you say in
your mind, I'm happy.
>>LISA: We did that,
which was wonderful.
>>LIN: Yeah, so
we just did that.
And then to get from
there, you move to joy.
Joy, the vibration of
joy, goes to the heart.
And then so you
invite the joyfulness.
You just feel--
say to your mind.
You don't need to really feel
it, you just say in your mind,
I'm so joyful today.
I'm in joy, joy, joy.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>LIN: By repeating
this, your mind,
your body is going to be in sync
producing that kind of energy
to help you.
Scientific studies already
done a lot of studies
about how powerful
our mind will be.
>>LISA: Yes, it is.
>>LIN: Whenever you
say, you know, your mind
is going to produce
the energy for you.
Now, if you don't mind, I'd
like to do a finger growing
game with you.
>>LISA: OK.
Let's do it.
>>LIN: All right, this is a
very fun thing, all right?
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: So now, I want
you to do in this way.
And you'll find the
first line in the bottom
of the palm in the left hand.
And then go to the right hand
and match these two lines
together.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: And then close
your hands and see
which hand your finger
is a little bit longer
than the other.
>>LISA: Oh, yeah.
>>LIN: Like your
left hand, all right.
So now you put up your right
hand and just close our eyes,
say in your mind, my fingers are
growing longer, longer, longer,
longer, longer.
I really feel my fingers are
growing longer, longer, longer,
longer, longer.
And now open your eyes, put
these two lines together,
and compare your hands.
>>LISA: Oh, my goodness.
>>LIN: Do you see that?
>>LISA: Yes, a lot longer.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: That's interesting.
This is the power of the mind?
>>LIN: This is the
power of the mind.
I share this in my classes.
So if within 30
seconds or 10 seconds,
you are able to grow your
fingers that much, how
about when your body
has an energy blockage?
You invited to transform.
It is all about transforming.
>>LISA: That's a wonderful
way of saying that.
It's an invitation to transform.
>>LIN: Invitation.
Invitation.
>>LISA: Rather
than getting stuck
in the fear of the blockage,
it's an opportunity to heal.
>>LIN: Yes, once you say that
aloud in your mind, I'm happy,
I'm filled with
joy, then your body
is going to produce that
kind of energy to help you.
And then from happiness
to joy, and then you
flow into peacefulness.
That's the stomach energy.
You feel, I'm so in peace,
connecting to the universe,
connecting to the earth.
And once you feel
the peacefulness,
this peacefulness
energy, the vibration
can literally heal your
stomach, your digestive system,
your spleen.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>LIN: It is just
like that simple.
>>LISA: I want to
give our Inspirations
family here an opportunity
to do this with us.
So watch this video.
And again, participate here.
You have the opportunity to
sit with this incredible Master
Lin.
And he is going to teach
us how to bring happiness
into our body.
Take a look.
>>LIN: Slowly raise
your right hand
to the upper chest and your
left hand to the lower stomach.
The palms face the body.
Your hands do not
touch your body.
Visualize a column of light
in the center of your torso.
Place your tongue against
the roof of your mouth.
Bend your knees.
Now, just start moving
the yin and yang
energies in the following way.
Your right hand
moves out and down,
while your left hand
moves in and up.
The right hand moves down
to the bottom of the torso,
while the left hand
moves up to the face.
Your hands continue moving
in this elliptical pattern.
Use your elbows to
guide the movement.
And use your hands
to feel the energy.
Your hands move at the rate
of three to five cycles
per minute.
Make sure, when you
do this movement,
your fingers stay open.
When your fingers are open,
you'll receive energy better.
When your fingers close, you
close your energy channels.
As you inhale, visualize
the universal energy
coming into your body
from all over your body.
Now visualize the
energy collecting
in the lower dantian, which
is deep in behind the navel.
When you exhale, visualize
the extra energy in your body,
any pain or sickness
changing into a smoke
and shooting out from
every part of your body
to the ends of the universe.
Bring happiness
energy into your body.
Just say, I feel happy.
I feel so happy.
Heaven's energy is flowing
into me and feeling me up.
>>LISA: I love that
you use these motions
with the affirmations.
And the visuals really
help on the video
to see and to visualize
what is happening.
Do you suggest that for us?
>>LIN: Oh, yes, absolutely.
When you do so,
you have the image,
how the energy
flow into your body
so that you can create the
environment inside you.
And especially when you see
the pictures of the nature,
you bring in the nature,
the universal energy
to come in to help you,
that's even more powerful.
>>LISA: Yes.
So let's do some
exercises, if we can,
and address some issues
that people might have.
I know a lot of people
suffer from headaches,
and even as severe as migraines.
>>LIN: Sure.
>>LISA: What can we do?
>>LIN: Yeah, so qigong--
first of all, qigong
is for everybody.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: So it is not
just for a certain group
of people, all right, like in
yoga and Tai Chi all right?
First of all, let's
talk a little bit
about what's the difference
between Tai Chi and Yoga.
Tai Chi is boxing.
It's a martial art.
In ancient time, you
know, Chinese people
use it to fight, to
protect yourself.
It's very powerful.
But it practiced
with slow motions.
And coming to nowadays, so
we use it as relaxation.
It is very good for balance.
But the mindset
of Tai Chi is not
for healing at the
very beginning.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: It is for fighting.
Yoga is for people
who are healthy.
And so you are
healthy, you practice
these to prepare
yourself for deepening
your spiritual practice, going
deep into your meditation
to reach enlightenment.
>>LISA: And you can also
get healthier through yoga.
>>LIN: Yes.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>LIN: Healing is
the side effect
of doing the yoga meditation
or spiritual enlightenment.
And qigong, many,
many forms of qigong
were developed by those
people who were sick
or the doctors who want to
help the sick people to heal.
So at the very beginning, qigong
is for healing, for longevity.
And then when you go deeper
with the qigong practice,
that is the spiritual growth.
So that's the difference.
So that's why the qigong
movements, it's so simple.
You repeat the same
movements again and again
and again and again until you
get into the mode of quietness.
And so in the quietness,
you are wakening up
the life intelligence.
Chinese call it the qi.
>>LISA: The qi.
>>LIN: And this qi
can help you to fix
any problems in the body.
>>LISA: I love the fact that
it also aids with longevity.
Because you're
moving the energy,
the life force, and it continues
to help you stay young and look
younger and feel younger.
That's wonderful.
>>LIN: Yes, exactly.
So healing pain, that is
a very, very simple thing
in qigong practice.
So through the movements
you just did, and, you know,
the gratitude
movements, this can
help you to balance your
energy, balance your system
to bring the harmony
back to your body
so that you will have no pain.
You will have no any other
challenges in the body.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: All right.
So if you want to really focus
on helping my pain right now,
first of all, like headaches.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>LIN: I have
another book that's
called "Head to Toe Healing,"
I have a lot of tips,
sharing with people.
>>LISA: And graphics
and so forth,
"Head to Toe Healing," OK.
>>LIN: Right.
So again, you can use that.
Now, here, I'm going
to share with you
a couple very simple movements.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: So in the hands,
that the Hoku point.
>>LISA: I love that you
can do this sitting down.
This is great.
>>LIN: Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So that's the qigong thing.
>>LISA: That's wonderful.
>>LIN: So you use
your thumb, to find,
to travel along the supporting
bone of the index finger
to the dimple of the bone
at the end over here.
And there's an energy point.
You just massage it.
Push it deep and massage
it and you visualize
light getting into this point.
Or simply you just say, light
shooting into this area.
And then you say in your
mind, my head ache gone.
I am completely healed.
My headache is gone, I
am completely healed.
You massage it for like
a two or three minutes,
you will feel the energy in
your head start opening up.
>>LISA: And this point
is connected to the head.
>>LIN: Connecting to the head.
>>LISA: Hm, wonderful.
OK, that's going to
help a lot of people.
Especially, what if we're
sitting at our desks all day
and staring at these screens?
Are there any exercises
we can do for our eyes?
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
Oh, so again, in this book
"Head to Toe Healing,"
yes, I have tips for
helping with the eyes.
What do you do is you use your
thumbs to touch the temples.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: All right, and
then use the index finger,
you curve for like this
and to massage the eye
bones, the eyebrows here.
>>LISA: Oh, the bones, yes.
>>LIN: And then down here.
>>LISA: Oh, nice.
Oh, yeah.
>>LIN: You make it in this way.
And massage in a circular, like
half circle way, all right?
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: And massage in this way.
>>LISA: That's great.
So it really adds the
circulation to the eyes.
>>LIN: Yeah.
So other time when I went to
a middle school, high school,
we did not need glasses at all.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
>>LIN: You know,
and now people--
because every day
during the break time,
we had the loudspeaker to,
all over the school every kid,
doing this movement.
>>LISA: Oh, really?
>>LIN: Yeah, to
prevent eye problems.
>>LISA: Eye strain.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: Very interesting.
>>LIN: So and now
we don't do that.
That's why the people
have a very good business.
>>LISA: We stare at our
screens on our phones instead.
>>LIN: You know, they are
selling glasses, right?
>>LISA: Right.
And wonder why our
eyes get bad after 40.
>>LIN: Yeah, so by doing,
so like, you know--
so we have clients--
just by doing so, the floatings
in the eyes disappear.
>>LISA: Oh, that's great.
>>LIN: And so I am 61 years old.
I don't need glasses.
>>LISA: Oh, my gosh, that's--
>>LIN: I know.
When I go to the most
expensive restaurants,
I can still read the menu.
>>LISA: You can see
the small print.
>>LIN: Yeah.
Because this is what I
discover, the more expensive
the restaurant is,
darker the room is.
>>LISA: Oh, in that
darkness, you can't see.
I know.
So I'm going to try this
before I read a menu.
>>LIN: Yeah, you do it like
two or three times a day.
And each time take
like five minutes.
It helps you tremendously.
It not only helps
you with your eyes,
it helps you to balance
the energy in your brain.
It helps you with
migraine headaches,
sinuses problems, a
lot of great things.
>>LISA: So you have a
clinic in Minnesota.
And you said you see
about 40 patients a day?
>>LIN: That's only in my list.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>LIN: I know.
So literally every
day we have 100 people
walk through our healing center.
>>LISA: My goodness.
What is the biggest issue
that your patients have,
if you could say?
>>LIN: Yeah, so
I think stresses.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: So in my list, like 75%
of my people are cancer people.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>LIN: So I help
a lot of people.
>>LISA: To move the energy.
>>LIN: To move the energy.
So we share with them how
to do these movements.
We coach them how
to do the qigong,
and we also literally
do healing on them.
>>LISA: Amazing.
>>LIN: And we help to scan the
energy blockages in the body,
find out where exactly there is
an energy blockage in the body.
Without touching the body, OK?
This is the qigong technique.
And then we send
out energy to help
to clear the energy blockages.
And like aches and pains,
just within seconds the pain
can go away.
>>LISA: That's incredible.
And what about the cancer?
>>LIN: The cancer,
we do the same.
We give them a very
detailed instruction
on how to do the movements
and how many hours every day
for how many days.
>>LISA: It's like a
prescription, essentially.
>>LIN: Yeah, we have a
program to help them.
>>LISA: That's beautiful.
It gives people action.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: Other than just
sitting and waiting
for the disease
and the medicine,
you give people action,
which is wonderful.
>>LIN: So before I came
over here on yesterday
after I finished
seeing some people,
there's this one girl who was
diagnosed with thyroid cancer
and spread to the
other part of the body.
She did not want to do
the traditional healing,
the treatment.
So she practiced these
movements two months
and plus the healing
in the center.
And so a few days ago, she
went to the Mayo Clinic
to do a follow-up.
And yesterday she call.
She called me, she said,
all the tumors gone.
>>LISA: Oh, what an
amazing phone call to get.
>>LIN: Yeah, I know.
>>LISA: That's incredible.
What about issues
like back pain?
Can we address that?
A lot of people--
pain management is
such a huge industry.
>>LIN: I know.
I know.
But in qigong, it
is just so simple.
And you can do
these movements I'm
going to share with
you, number one,
prevent pains in upper back,
middle back, or lower back.
Or if you do have a
pain in those areas,
by massaging these
areas, you can help
to balance it very quickly.
>>LISA: OK
>>LIN: So for the lower
back pain, all right,
the energy point in
between the supporting bone
of the little finger and
then the ring finger,
where these two bones join,
the end over here on the back,
and you massage
this energy point.
And you stick your finger
inside to massage it.
>>LISA: Ooh, that is sore, yes.
>>LIN: That means
you have blockage.
>>LISA: I sit a lot, yes.
>>LIN: And you
massage it clockwise.
And do it like between one
minute to two to three minutes.
And you say in
your mind, my back
is completely back to normal.
All the pain is gone,
completely heal.
And you smile, smile, smile.
And that will help
to release the pain.
>>LISA: Does it
matter which hand?
>>LIN: It doesn't matter.
>>LISA: Or both hands?
>>LIN: Both hands.
So this is for lower back pain.
And for middle back pain,
it's the ring finger and then
the middle finger where
the supporting bones
join of these two fingers
meet, this is the energy point.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: And you massage.
>>LISA: All right.
>>LIN: And this in my book
"Head to Toe Healing."
>>LISA: Great.
>>LIN: All right, so again,
you massage it deeply.
And there was one
gentleman came in
with very, very
painful back pain.
And he sit down.
He said, this pain
is going to kill me.
So he complained.
And it's just terrible.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>LIN: So I said, well,
give me your hand.
So I touched this point,
just within one minute,
the pain went away.
>>LISA: Oh my goodness,
you experienced this, too.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
>>LISA: You had very
crushing back pain.
>>LIN: Yes, yes.
When people ask me, do you
know how painful it is?
I say I know because
I was there before.
>>LISA: You were.
>>LIN: Yeah, that's why
I'm so passionate learning
these techniques from my
masters to share with the world.
>>LISA: Can you
tell us a little bit
about how you did heal that
crushing back pain that you
literally were crushed.
>>LIN: Yes, so
again, I did qigong.
I practiced those
simple movements just
like what you did.
Then also, I travel
around the country
to learn how we can help the
body in a simple and powerful
way to heal your body.
So this is my mission.
That's why I have--
in my meditation, actually,
I was given this message
about healing in
every home in a world
without pain and suffering.
And I stay with us.
>>LISA: This is your mission.
>>LIN: Yeah, this is my mission.
>>LISA: And born
a healer, you're
basically saying that
we all have this ability
to heal ourselves.
>>LIN: Right.
>>LISA: And maybe
even heal others.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
And so I have other
programs from level one,
level two, level
three, level four.
And we teach people
how to heal themselves
and how to send out energy
with love to heal others.
And we have so many stories.
We have a lot of teachers,
you know, all over the world
teaching Spring Forest qigong.
And we have a couple of
thousand practice groups
all over the world doing qigong.
>>LISA: It's a movement.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: Well, I want
you, if you can,
take a look at this next video.
It will really help you
connect with your heart
and spread that
healing to others.
And do this along with us again.
Take a look.
>>LIN: Adjust your feet so you
are now standing with your feet
shoulder width apart.
Put your hands
together palm to palm
in front of your chest
putting a little pressure
on your fingertips to keep
stimulating your heart energy.
As you inhale, slowly
bend forward at the waist.
As you exhale,
straighten back up.
Continue moving in this
way slowly and gently.
Continue putting some pressure
on the tips of your fingers
as you press your
fingertips together.
Now tapped into the
limitless energy of gratitude
and thankfulness in the
universe in a way that
is most comfortable for you,
or just say, I am so thankful.
The energy of thankfulness and
gratitude is flowing into me
and filling me up.
Say it out loud or
say it in your mind
and know it is happening.
Feel the energy of
thankfulness and gratitude
flowing through your body.
Feel thankfulness
in every breath.
in every thought.
Feel thankfulness in your soul.
Feel thankfulness flowing
into every cell of your body.
You can direct this energy
to flow into any area
where you have a special
need or challenge.
Think of something
you are thankful for
and express your gratitude.
>>LISA: Well, I am
thankful for you.
>>LIN: I'm thankful to you, too.
>>LISA: Tell me how
you can use qigong
with emotional damage
or emotional issues that
are very challenging.
>>LIN: Aha.
So this is why I created Five
Elements healing movement.
This is the first time in
the qigong world in history,
I put five elements with
five different emotions,
happy emotions, positive
emotions into the movements.
>>LISA: Oh, it's
intentionally connected.
>>LIN: Yes.
>>LISA: I see.
I see.
>>LIN: You might say, you
know, I'm not a happy person.
I have no reason to be
happy at all because I
had this happen, that happen.
I had accidents and now
my body is in a mess.
My family is in a mess.
You know, I got my children.
I just don't want
to talk about them.
Well, because you have been
living in that environment
for so long and you forgot
there's a happiness.
So you need to have
that awakening.
So how to do that?
You don't need to be
really happy to say
that I'm happy today.
And as you say, for instance,
when you do the movement,
you just let go with everything
and focus at this moment
in order to heal
yourself faster,
in order to invite the pain
or tumors to go away faster.
You just say in
your mind, telling
your lungs, your breast,
your liver, your intestines,
your knees, your hands, your
fingers, I'm happy today.
Because this is what
you want, right?
>>LISA: Yes, definitely.
I'm thinking of my mother who
is a caregiver for my father.
And my mother has a
hard time with it.
Because she doesn't
know the outcome.
And every day she
tries something new.
And she's extremely depressed
and having a hard-- losing
purpose.
Many people in this country
are in that position
of being a caregiver.
>>LIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: Or in a state of
illness through old age.
And it's right in front of you.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: So how
important is it to have
happiness when the
circumstances aren't changing?
>>LIN: OK, so this
needs to first
of all come to, the life goal.
What do you really
want, all right?
So people are getting
angry with things or get
so frustrated with things.
Actually, they are
crying for happiness.
They are crying for love.
But they make it in
a different approach.
They could make it better.
So by recognizing
who I am and what
I am and this is what I
want, I want happiness living
on this planet.
Then, your focus on
happiness, you'll
find reasons to be happy.
The sun, every day, is shining.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>LIN: The sun is very
forgiving, very loving,
unconditionally, right?
Thank the sun for giving
me the sunshine, no matter,
I'm a naughty boy or I'm a
happy boy or whatever, right?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>LIN: And not any
judgment at all.
So when you direct your focus
on these positive things
in your life, then you'll start
changing the energetic, the qi
dynamic inside you.
>>LISA: You have
to start somewhere.
>>LIN: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>LISA: And that's a
good place to start.
So this tension, this lack
of happiness causes stress.
It causes anxiety.
>>LIN: Yeah.
>>LISA: Is there a
technique that you
have that could really help
someone in the middle of say,
an anxiety attack,
or something that's
causing them an enormous
amount of stress, a crisis?
>>LIN: So they can massage
the middle of the palm.
>>LISA: The middle?
>>LIN: Yeah, so you
hold your fingers--
>>LISA: A lot is in the palm.
>>LIN: Yeah.
Our hands is so powerful because
our hands connected directly
to our heart.
So that's the power.
>>LISA: Oh, that makes sense.
>>LIN: Yeah, so
again, for instance,
we have 12 major energy
meridians in the body.
And four meridians connect
directly to the heart.
They are all arranged
in the hands.
>>LISA: Really?
>>LIN: That's why our
hands are so powerful.
>>LISA: So this is a good place?
>>LIN: Yeah, so
again, what you do
is where the middle
finger, right,
if your fingers, you don't have
any injuries in the fingers,
you just curve your
middle finger naturally
down where the middle
finger touches.
That is the energy point.
>>LISA: Oh, that's where
the energy point is.
>>LIN: Then you massage.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LIN: You massage here
and take deep breath.
That will help to
calm down the anxiety
and calm down the anxiousness
and even calm down
the anger and hatred.
>>LISA: It does.
>>LIN: Yeah, just by this.
Because your bring--
>>LISA: It moves your body
without moving your body.
>>LIN: You bring that energy
focus back to your heart.
>>LISA: Yes, that's
where it's at.
>>LIN: That's it.
>>LISA: Yeah, that's right.
And when you move your heart
energy, the rest of your energy
will start to follow.
>>LIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: When you do
touch areas like this,
does it mean that there is
a blockage if it's painful?
>>LIN: Yes.
When you feel painful,
that means you have--
>>LISA: Or tight.
>>LIN: Yeah, you have a
blockage, physically, directly
in the heart.
>>LISA: And it could be
emotional or physical
blockages.
>>LIN: You know, so this is
the unique thing of qigong.
And when you go to see a doctor,
if you don't have a symptom,
the doctor says I don't
know what to do with you.
>>LISA: Right.
>>LIN: Even if you said, you
know, I have all these pains
and I don't know because the
X-ray did not show anything.
I can't do anything
until you have a tumor
or have a bone spur
I can help you with.
But qigong, from
the very beginning
of the blockage in the body,
it's not physically troubling
the body yet, qigong can
help you to find it out
and to clear it in time.
>>LISA: What if you have a cold
or a flu or something that's
blocking your sinuses?
Is there something that you
can do to move the energy
and allow it to go
through your body?
>>LIN: Yes.
This is something very
simple you can do.
And drink a lot of
water, of course.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
>>LIN: And then you
dolphin your neck.
>>LISA: Dolphin?
>>LIN: Dolphin your neck.
>>LISA: Oh, fun.
>>LIN: On purpose, you
lean back a little bit.
And do this for 10 minutes.
>>LISA: And what is this doing?
>>LIN: This will
help you to open up
the channels in
the back, you know,
along the spine in the C7.
Because there's a
huge energy blockage
blocking the energy flowing
from the bottom of the torso
up to top of the head and
going down to the bellybutton,
which, we call it the vitality
center, the lower dantian.
All right, so we get
the big blockages right
in the top over here.
Of course, any cold
starts from the feet.
>>LISA: Oh, really?
>>LIN: So in the evening
before you go to bed,
you have a basin of
hot water, not very,
very super hot, just hot
enough you can bear it.
And put your feet into the
water and put some sea salt
and soak them for
like 20 minutes.
And while you are soaking your
feet and you do this movement,
and then you go to bed.
>>LISA: That's amazing.
>>LIN: And the next
day, you get up
and you'll feel a
good difference.
>>LISA: We're always
looking for something
to help us with those
irritating colds and flus.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
>>LISA: So you have your
center is in Minnesota.
>>LIN: Minnesota, Minneapolis.
>>LISA: And people can find all
the great videos and courses
and teaching the head-to-toe
healing on the website, right?
>>LIN: Sure, yes.
>>LISA: Which is
Spring Forest qigong.
>>LIN: Yeah,
springforestqigong.com
>>LISA: Dot com, mm-hm.
So you can learn and
go along with, to you,
which I think is
great that you made
it so accessible to people.
And you've been doing
this for how long?
>>LIN: Oh, boy, so in the
United States, 25 years.
So then at the very beginning
when I was in China,
I did qigong as a hobby
for a good 10 years.
And I studied qigong when
I was in middle school,
but not very seriously into it.
And I did practice
kung fu and Tai Chi.
And then until I got
sick, then I really
got into qigong
when I was healed.
>>LISA: And it's what
has allowed your body
to heal and to move
and to teach others.
>>LIN: Oh, yes.
>>LISA: And if you could say
the biggest reason, your biggest
why in life that you
teach qigong, what is it?
>>LIN: OK.
Well, qigong, these
techniques have
been reserved by our
masters and only taught
to a few who are very passionate
so that the masters will
teach them selflessly.
They share all this
information with these people.
So I am so lucky to be
chosen by the universe.
So I want to carry
on this message
and to share this so simple,
but yet very powerful
knowledge and techniques
with the world.
And so I am very
passionate and just
like when my masters
have been doing,
as I am so willing
selflessly to share anything
I know with the world
to help the world really
to become a healer in
every home in a world
without pain and suffering.
>>LISA: I love that mission.
It is clearly your
destiny, clearly.
And that is why you're here.
And thank you so much for
sharing the mission with us
and the teachings and making it
so simple and accessible to all
of us.
>>LIN: So thank you.
Thank you for having me.
>>LISA: Thank you.
It's a world without
pain and suffering.
Wonderful.
Well, thank you again.
And thank you for watching this.
Your energy makes these shows
happen, so thank you so much.
And if you'd like to watch
more inspirational programming,
you can check out
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr and I
invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]